Fix grammar in `Node.parentNode` summary (#40765)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/node/index.md

    a document, returns `null`.
- {{DOMxRef("Node.parentNode")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}}
  - : Returns a `Node` that is the parent of this node. If there is no such

>     node, like if this node is the top of the tree or if it doesn't participate in a tree,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    node — for example, if this node is the top of the tree, or if it doesn't participate in a tree —
```
